OK, now this study we're
starting to do norming study.
There will be two types of
pictures that you see. The first
type is a complex scene.
Imagine that you are describing
the scene to someone who cannot
see the picture. Describe what
is happening and what you see in
this scene as thoroughly as
possible. Please try to take
between three and five minutes
to describe it.
OK, so now we can start the
first one.
You can begin describing
whenever you're ready.
Are you timing me now?
Do you time me when I when you
time me? Yes.
#START_airport This is a very
complicated scene with a lot of
characters and action.
It's based on where's Waldo and.
Waldo is somewhere among the
many figures and many actions
here at the airport.
At the lower part of the screen,
across the bottom of the
picture, we see inside the
airport where people are
checking in checking luggage, a
smuggler has been spotted trying
to smuggle.
Watches at the customs. People
are waiting for their baggage.
Here's a couple stewardesses
walking to their plane. Here's
another and a pilot tipping his
hat to some tourists. So it's a
busy day in the airport.
Out on the tarmac.
Plane is on boarding.
Here's the baggage handlers.
They're sneaking a smoke behind
some stacks of baggage.
Folks are falling off a plane
and into the terminal.
Here in the left side.
Of the picture, here's some
folks getting on to a bus and
another luggage cart.
People were unloading the
planes. Uh, here on the other
side of this screen, people are
getting hosed what's happening
here and wonder what they think
is going on.
Here's a little old fashioned
double Decker plane propeller
plane.
My oh my there's several planes.
Here's people they didn't get
the steps up to this plane, and
here's series of people who were
falling down onto the tarmac
before the handlers got the
stairs there.
Up on I'm on the right hand
corner now.
Here's a dirigible hot air
balloon, a helicopter with
everything you can imagine is
going on in this airplane here.
In fact, there's a line of
elephants being loaded onto the
plane here.
My oh my oh my there's the
observation tower.
OK, I think I'm done with this
one. #END_airport Did I cover
enough? You took about 2
minutes, so if you see anything
else.
You can just.
Well, I see lots of stuff I
don't know whether I should go
into. Every detail. Is the job
here to be thorough and
complete, or to get a clear
narrative that a listener can
follow who's doesn't have the
image in front of it?
In those two, I would say give
more details and be less
concerned about how.
Um, structure it could be.
Since the purpose of our norming
study is to.
Select words. The more detail
and description we get, the
better.
Shall I do this for now? Over.
If you would like I can do that,
we can do that.
But I don't think there was
anything wrong in the first
time.
OK.
Let's go into the next one then.
May we? How many are there in
total? There will be 26 items,
but the in the first session
people usually complete between
5:00 and 7:00.
Ah, OK. I know that sounds like
a reasonable number, OK?
Let's go on it.
Ohh, my performance then may
itself evolve. Yeah. Does that
make sense? That makes sense,
OK.
This item will be a different
type of pictures. Um, OK, so the
next one will be a graphic
novel.
You will look at a series of
pictures instead of 1.
And please describe what you see
and what is happening as you go
through the story. Right. I do
one page at a time. You do one
page at a time. Most stories are
two. You can see 2 pages on one
screen. I see. Yeah, and some
stories will have a two big two
page spread and some stories
will have two separate pages.
So just depend on the specific.
Lay out and then should I kill
you then when I want to go to
the next slide? Yeah, that will
be helpful and please take
between 10 and 15 minutes. So in
the next. So the next item
specifically is the longest item
we have overall in terms of
levels of details, probably
less. You'll have less time to
finish.
Each page already OK, so that
would already.
#START_wanderer On page one of
this story two figures.
Are folding a large piece of
paper.
Larger than either one of them
twice, twice the dimensions of
them both.
One is a boy with longish hair.
Down the back of his neck and in
his forehead in a striped
jersey.
And cargo pants.
And bare feet. The other figure.
Wears a skeleton costume?
Is masked with only the eyes
showing and has large curved
pointed horns on his head.
One at the front, the smaller in
the back.
Like the sliver of moon has cut
through his head.
The paper they fold is in the
shape of a boat.
And in the second page we see
this little boat next to a huge
in the water next to a huge
ship.
With windcatcher sails.
Several stories high, a fanciful
ship.
With a kind of diving bell
attached underwater underneath
it.
We don't. Well, we do see
figures.
In the ship but they're very
tiny and hard to see.
On this page we see an aerial
view of that little paper boat.
In a choppy ocean, our view is
high up in the sky above a line
of gulls who are flying.
In the upper right of our
picture we see a large gull and
they diminish down and far below
in the lower corner, we see our
little paper ship.
Now we're back down to water
level. What do we see here,
turtles?
Plaid turtles.
Sticking up out of the water
and.
Are they going to overtake our
our little paper ship? It looks
like it. Here's a gulf line
nearby.
And on the other side of the
panel.
Something is bubbling up out of
the ocean. A large whale, maybe?
It's.
Covered with bubbles spots.
There's a little eye here, and
another smaller little paper
boat floating in the choppy
water.
Ah, now we're underwater.
We see.
The colorful fish.
and underwater growths on the
reef.
Just a little tip sticks up.
There's that giant spotted
creature with its fin up out of
the water, and sticking up on
that fin out of the water is our
little paper boat.
And coming out here in the front
of our picture, coming out of a
school of tiny sardines, is a
beautiful sailfish Spearing.
Two of those poor sardines and
the ocean is alive with fish and
wondrous growths.
Here again we're underwater, and
at the top corner we see our
little paper boat marooned.
Or being born on a Shoal of fish
and here underwater the the.
Underwater plants are alive with
schools of fish they weave in
and out of.
The the growths
On the coral reef.
And there must be hundreds of
fish congregating and moving
about.
Here again, we're underwater.
Looking up at our little boat on
the surface.
Under the boat.
We see the gathering of little
squid.
And down in amongst the growth
here two two fish, kiss, are
kissing while schools of other
fish pass idly by.
And then the next frame we get
another view of the same scene.
Fish in circulation.
Here again, we're looking
underwater to the surface
sticking up out of the surface.
Here's the fish and balancing on
the nose of this fish is a
seahorse wearing a cap just like
our little boat and staring down
into our boat.
Beneath the water.
Fish.
Pass idly by and the beautiful.
coral growth spread up like
hands opening to the sky in the
next panel.
Now that checkerboard striped
seahorse with the little cap is
riding our boat and sticking up
into its side is a long tendril.
A worm, perhaps? That's one of a
multitude growing out of the
sand, at the bottom of the water
and above them, a school of.
School of fish. How would I
describe that shape?
Of pancake shaped fish.
On the next page we come to
land. Our little boat floats on
the water and on the shore.
There it grows a wall of trees
and roosting in those trees.
A beautiful flock of flamingos.
That stretched their necks and
bowed their necks that seemed to
be feeding out of the trees
here.
Hmm.
And close to shore, there grow
delicate petaled flowers on a
single stem.
On these two pages, these two
page facing pages our little
boat has wandered into.
An ending.
And we see above the water and
below the water, the plants down
in the water that sheltered the
fish in the schools of minnows.
And the beautiful striped fish.
Stretch above the water.
Give a roosting and feeding
place to the long necked birds
that feed in their branches. Our
little boat is sheltered between
some all.
Stems of the water plants.
Meanwhile, under the water.
A rapid stream of minnows or
sardines curves in and out of
the.
Stems of the water plants.
Our little boat with its
checkerboard seahorse.
Has drifted into the forest now,
and all around it there weave
dark.
Plants.
And jungle, jungle blooms.
And on the shore there lurk.
Strange lizards with glowing
eyes, little hands.
That reach out.
And up in the tree.
Dark birds with gleaming eyes
watch over the whole scene.
It's a scary place with lots
lots of reptile shapes and
hungry eyes following our little
boat as it drifts farther and
farther into the forest. {Next
page.}
But now our little boat drifts
out into the open water again.
We see it passed through a gap
in in the water plants.
Our little Harlequin seahorse
leans over to look down into the
water, where
A speckled.
Creature rides a lobster.
With reins tied around.
Its mouth.
Where?
Not too far ahead, a sea serpent
lurks deep in the water.
And as it comes out in and as
our little boat comes out into
the open water, our Harlequin
seahorse.
Drops back into the water to
join its.
Friends.
Ah, now we see some of the deep
sea creatures. Here's a striped
whale sticking its head up.
Of the surface.
It looks like it's it's come up
to smoke a little pipe, in fact,
while the sea birds.
Gather around the crown of its
head and.
Underwater, it stands almost.
Vertical on its tail.
Now in the next page, we see a
kind of sea monster.
And our little boat.
Has been lured almost within
reach of its jagged, sharp teeth
by some sort of lure that hangs
from the antenna of this
creature's head.
We see just, just the peak of
the head, like an island that
the boat is drawn to. But
underwater we see the creatures
gleaming eye, its row of needle
sharp teeth, the claws waiting
to reach up.
And underneath it.
Its legs poised on a stack
Of wrecked ships previous play
that prey that this creature has
drawn into its clutches and now
threatens our little craft.
Ah, here's a fabulous.
Ocean scene.
Under the night sky we see.
A gleaming planet.
With dark continents, a planet
that might in fact be our own,
and in the sky above there fly.
Birds with beautiful wigs,
strange birds, while at the
surface of the ocean there's.
Congregation of the strangest of
animals.
Elephants with winged ears.
And seagoing elephants,
creatures of the sea with
elephant heads and finned deers.
Hmm.
A.
Hybrid.
Lion walrus on on its back.
Horse like creatures. Rhinoceros
like creatures.
A leopard.
With square.
Spots and fin like legs.
Zebra.
Sea going zebra seagoing dog and
cat, crocodiles with long
twisty.
Serpent like tails.
And on the horizon
On the horizon.
A big blowfish like a sun, and
coming across it a sea serpent
of many curvatures. Six, eight
different.
Different.
What word do I want here? Not
curvatures, loops?
Hmm.
It's a strange and disturbing
picture with many, many fearsome
kinds of creatures.
But now we're back to a peaceful
night scene. A starry night. Our
little boat is all alone.
On an ocean?
That reflects the stars we see
the Milky Way and the thinnest
sliver of a moon leaning on its
side.
There's a big dot that may be a
planet.
Peaceful, quiet night.
Here our little paper boat is
surrounded on all sides.
By Fishes, by by Fish rising up
out of the water to attend it.
They're like a crowd or a
congregation on all sides, an
assembly of of fishes.
All pointed to this one center.
Their mouths open, gaping, their
eyes aglow.
Hmm.
It's night.
Our little ship.
Floats in the bottom left side.
Of the frame.
With four fish gambling around
it.
Picture is dominated by a starry
sky in which ribbonlike.
Curves and curves of light
descend.
From the very top of the frame
down to almost the surface, far
distant horizon of the ocean.
Ribbons of light, maybe?
Maybe the aurelas? Aurora
borealis.
Lots of room for revision here.
Now our little ship.
Floats.
Alongside a giant glacier shelf.
Wharfing it.
This glacier.
Slants.
So that if you had started on
the farther side, you might be
able to ski.
All the way down its length the
you would then fall off many
hundreds of feet into a choppy
sea.
It's majestic, grand.
Stately, impenetrable.
Our little paper ship floats on
an icy sea into giant caves of
ice.
Uh.
The surface of the sea is dotted
with.
Chunks of ice.
And our ship passes under a
large archway, into a series of
curving arches and tunnels deep
into the ice ahead of us,
through the tiny gap ahead we
see.
Icebergs floating on on an
Arctic sea.
Our little paper boat emerges
out into the open water.
Passing giant pillars of ice
that touch the water like feet.
And rise many hundreds of feet,
one broken off, the other
continuing on out of sight.
Just ahead of our boat.
Strange aperture.
Like the bud, like the stem of a
budding flower rises from the
water and shines a light down
upon our boat.
It looks at first like a plant,
but in the next picture we see
no, it's a deep sea diver of
some sort. Not human, for it has
fins. It's in a diver suit.
With Great, strange tube tubing.
But is it a dive or no? It's out
of its legs. Come, come fin like
legs.
Not legs at all, but fins, and
it's lifts our tiny boat out of
the water to examine it with
eyes that stream liquid as well
as light.
Meanwhile, this tendril item,
like the head of the shower
bathes our poor boat.
In light.
What's this?
In the very bottom corner we
see.
Our paper boat.
Emerging in the open water to
encounter giant steam steamboats
belching from their many steam
sacks. Steam stack smokestacks.
Smokestacks. Excuse me.
Giant billows and columns of
dark smoke.
The ships themselves are
strange. They look like they're
made.
Made of.
Fabric.
Rather than metal.
Like woven hemp.
And we see the giant prow of 1
ship.
That's almost upon us and behind
it close coming yet another ship
and one more of these shower
headed like serpent tubes
arising from the water ahead of
our ship.
And against the ship, what
looked like a series of.
tentacles rising up out of the
water to touch the side of the
ship. Four of those.
Ohh.
There's a harpoon on the prow of
that.
harpoon gun.
And strangely, there's a a fish
tail hanging up between these
two ships.
Hmm.
{Next.
Oh golly.
Is this an actual graphic novel?
I would have like what what the
story like could possibly.}
Our little our little paper
boat, looking a little bit
wrinkled and worn for wear, is
floating on teeming ocean filled
with.
Fish.
And the sky is filled with
swooping birds, swooping, I
believe for the fish. Some of
them are in the water devouring
them. The sky is cloudy.
And.
Smokey. This must be the same
smoke from the ships, because in
the next panel we see what looks
like an oil refinery on 3
columns spewing many
smokestacks. There's a fish
hanging from one of one of its
cranes and great columns of
filthy smoke everywhere.
In this next image they're
firing from the ship, the side
of the ship or a wall. I I think
it's the side of the ship. There
are five vertical windows and
out of them.
Creatures, cats or dogs it looks
like or bald men in striped
prisoners uniforms are firing
down upon.
Our little boat.
And on what looks like a
striped.
Convict trying to make a getaway
in a paddle paddle boat of some
sort.
Yes, there he is again. This may
be the same diver that no, not
the same diver we encountered
before. In this frame, he's
clearly human and has feet and
hands.
And is riding a sort of missile.
Next to.
Riding a rocket with a.
Pointed cone. Riding the cone of
a type of sea rocket that's
spewing fireworks from the
engine on its back.
And.
In the lower frame we see our
paper boat now with a hole in
its peak and a life preserver
aboard.
I didn't mention that anchor.
Here the driver has hooked on to
our little boat to try to make
his escape, and he rides the
tumultuous sea.
In the direction coming toward
them of.
A horse drawn craft.
Driven by fantastical creatures.
One is a dotted horse with
gleaming eyes, another is an
antlered horse like creature.
Being ridden by grinning, eye
gleaning clown in a poignant.
Jesters cap.
With bells on its three tips.
Riding the ship.
Which is wind powered by a
starry cap.
And in the crow's nest there is
that skeleton
Dark cloaked figure with.
With the.
Moon shaped horn and.
Helmet.
Also riding the crow's nest is a
tuxedo cat.
And some strange tailed
creature.
2 little extraterrestrial
looking creatures. It's a scary
assembly indeed.
Ohh a wave is about to overtake
that strange craft and now we
get a Now we get a better view
that their starry kite.
Has been torn open and riding
the cross frames are those two
infantile creatures that look so
extraterrestrial.
The cat with the Lantern of some
sort attached to its tail is
walking a line.
From the mast to.
The kite.
The horned creature is holding
on to the crossbar of the mast,
and underneath him we see those
other creatures.
Those fantastical dotted and
Harlequin checkerboard creatures
tentacle.
Finned creatures.
That seemed to be riding this
strange shell like craft.
And in the background I see
something with tanks, maybe our
escapee.
And then, riding the undertow,
the the rising collapse of the
wave is our little paper boat
perilously.
Riding the wave.
A lightning strikes.
In the stormy sky that fills
most of the frame, we see the
long streak of lightning coming
down to hit the horizon of the
ocean, and in the foreground we
see our valiant little ship.
our valiant little paper boats
still afloat.
And in the next frame we see it
now as a paper airplane flying
up into the sky above the water.
{is that the end?
More, more. More.
oh golly.}
Our paper boat is floating under
the archway.
Of a forest of daisylike
creatures.
Aquatic creatures with the kind
of fin that rides the curve of
their circle, and our little
boat is floating.
Into the opening that the
closest one of these leaves us.
In the next frame, we see that
it's been caught.
By the tendril that these are
not doughnut shapes at all, but
are the circled.
Tendrils of a serpent like
creature.
tapers down to a small mouth
that now grips.
The drooping triangle of our
little boat.
Now we're
inside the tendrils and we see
the dragon like, serpent like.
Head.
Of this creature.
And in the next frame our
little.
Ship.
That's caught between the folds.
Of these serpent like or one
giant serpent like creatures,
though there must be more than
one, because here we see.
Between the folds the gleaming
eyes of two creatures, 2
serpents, one with a long,
pointed snout.
The other shorter snouted, but
with.
a tall stripped.
Form rising from the center of
its forehead.
Now we return to the land and
see.
Our little boat flooded with.
The spewing.
Of one of those horned
creatures.
Long streamers come out of its
two nostrils.
And it and the other creature,
lean over our boat.
As it fills up and overflows.
With these streamers of liquid.
Nearby, we see.
A strange creature on the
littered beach. A beach littered
with propellers.
Beer cans, pieces of rubbish and
bottles.
And this Finned creature stands
upright in a striped bathing
suit, almost as if it were
humanoid, though it's clearly
fish like.
With two legs and webbed feet.
With wing like fins that reach
almost to the ground.
And little subsidiary fins like
hands to the front.
This underwater scene is heavily
populated with jellyfish, which
crowd around in different sizes,
some with tentacles, some
striped with long.
Long streaming.
Streamers.
Many of them.
Like many of them, designed like
4 leaf clovers with four
horseshoe shapes facing outward.
And the frame is filled with
them. Almost hidden behind them
I can see our little boat.
A bit wrinkled and scruffy, but
still.
Prevailing.
We're underwater and.
Our boat.
Is next to a school.
Of bright eyed fish.
With each with four dots running
along the gills.
In the right side of the
picture.
We see our little boat about to
be swallowed up, perhaps.
By a jellyfish like creature
with many.
Many.
folds.
And.
With the little tentacles.
Here a light like a Searchlight
light hits the bottom of the
water where our ship.
Is being.
Overrun by tentacle worm like
creatures which.
Wrapped themselves around its
surfaces and edges and peaks.
And fold, fold down its Crest.
In the next image we see.
our boat
In the light of and being.
Hit by the prow of a submarine.
Around which a number of bright
dragonfly like.
Creatures seem to be swarming.
And.
About perhaps and swimming along
with it and maybe about to
investigate or even envelope it
is a sea serpent like creature
with the shining eye and a hair
like.
Series of tentacles on its
forehead and back of its head.
Umm.
The checkerboard subway surfaces
with.
The little paper boat on its
prow.
Coming to the surface.
Our boat pours water out of its.
prow back into the ocean.
Meanwhile, a giant squid.
Has come up from the ocean to
swamp a fishing boat.
And the four
Crew members.
Are trying to fight it off by
throwing a gasoline can.
Into it.
Meanwhile, our paper boat floats
placidly away toward the right
side of the frame.
Now I notice a couple more.
{What are these cans of
gasoline, do you think? What do
you think they're throwing at
this thing? Yeah, possibly. It's
hard to see.
Yes, perhaps to ignite it. They
there's another store there of
those cans on the deck, I see.}
Yes, they're tossing cans of
gasoline to try to drive it
away.
Or something to try to fight it
off.
A school of seals have made a
plaything out of our paper boat,
and one of them is balancing it
on its nose like a circus ball.
Several others.
Stick their heads up out of the
water to watch. Meanwhile, under
the water, other members of the
school are dancing in circles.
And waiting to play.
Here on the other side of the
frame, the undersea growths are
as rich as the forest long.
Many leafed fronds.
In which
Fish.
Hide almost invisibly in the
growth.
And in the sky peaceful clouds.
Drift by.
OK.
Our paper boat is back on the
surface, well underneath rich
sea life.
Moves among the undersea growth.
Uh.
The growths are, in fact, so
close to the surface the hair,
it looks like our little boat.
The grounds itself.
Catches itself on their their
pups. Meanwhile, under the
water, a diver.
Finds a giant Pearl in an oyster
while being observed by a
striped sea serpent.
With hungry eyes.
While all around them.
Other creatures
Hide in the growth.
Now what is this thing on the?
Um.
There's an accordion kind of
shape here.
This this thing, do you see what
I mean? That looks like it opens
out like a xylophone.
Strange. OK.
Our ship comes by a buoy where
strange creatures have attached
themselves.
Ah.
Man like creatures two Man like
creatures climb the side with
starfish heads and gleaming
eyes.
Here is.
A finned kind of creature with
horned heads.
A man or a creature in a diving
suit rides a.
Striped seahorse.
With.
A long fin like tail.
He's been gathering pearls
because he has a basket of them
attached to the back of his
mount.
The other side of the frame in
the distance we see.
Ocean liners and ships, possibly
the same ships we passed earlier
and in the center of the frame
on a Bush bushy island is a
large.
tall, Striped lighthouse and
next to it a shorter.
Shooter tower windowed.
And standing at the foot on the
slope below the lighthouse,
looking out on the scene that
I've just described is a woman
with her hands to her ears.
Over her ears.
A giant structure rises out of
the water.
Filigreed to.
The water surface and then above
the water surface a crisscross
framework of supporting bars. At
the top is a circular structure,
Dome structure.
That rises in several levels.
At the end of a very long pier,
a pier of metal crosswalk pier
that looks like it must be miles
and miles long.
And on this side of it we see
that several ships of different
sizes are floating.
One is a fantastical ship with
propellers on its mast.
Another has a kind of.
Is a kind of Noah's ark with
medieval stripe medieval tower.
The other is a Steamboat.
There's little sailboat. Here's
a.
Old.
Giant sailboat.
Three-mast, four-mast sailboat.
The structure at the top.
Of this.
Circular.
Construction is interesting. It
looks like it might be a a
ballroom, a roller rink, a
pleasure palace of some kind.
It's of the style, the ornate
style that we usually see in
seaside emporiums and pleasure.
Palaces.
Ohh our little our little boat
is.
coming close to other craft now.
Uh.
The scene here is dominated by a
giant ocean going craft and we
see only only the the prow and
the anchor of this end part of
its giant side at water level
our paper boat is drifting along
in the direction of.
A propeller boat of some kind.
Which seems to have been.
Bumped in the back by a
sailboat.
Hmm.
Underwater we see a checkerboard
submarine, maybe the same one
that we've seen earlier and in
the distance that the horizon
beyond.
This giant ocean going craft, we
see a city of domed roofs.
And pointed towers. Very Smoky
City with smokestacks issuing
giant clouds that fill the sky.
{Next image.
How many? How many? How far are
we?
Or we start the same story.
Yeah, it's still the same book,
OK.}
But here's that big. Here's that
big striped whale again. Now
it's it's got a kind of.
Uh.
Sweater on.
That has apertures for its.
Limbs and tail and head.
And out of the tank on the back.
Rises a shower head that runs
water over its head while it
stands fully up out of the
water.
To rest its front limbs.
On a sailboat.
No, not a sailboat, excuse me.
On a a small craft.
And.
On a zigzag crane that rises
from pier.
No, excuse me, I'm wrong. Let me
go back. That the this creature
rests its front limbs on.
A dock, a stone dock from which
rises a zigzag crane.
And in the basket.
A figure is almost.
Face to face.
With the upright creature.
And in the next frame.
We see dozens of people.
At the other end of this stone
dock.
Who are?
Observing the scene.
And in the lower right of our
picture we see our little.
Paper boat prevailing and
continuing on.
We see the paper boat drifting
by the docks of an industrial
city.
Uh.
Next to it a small.
Ship is raising a kind of.
Umbrella.
And a laundry line on which.
A man in.
A striped cap is.
Hanging laundry.
In the background we see three
cranes.
And a lot of smoke that seems to
be rising from the very
background of the scene and.
Near us, the kind of warehouse
and mill in which men are
unloading boats.
In the next frame, one of those
cranes is holding.
A giant.
Checkerboard sea serpent with a
curving tail.
Uh.
Perhaps it's not a creature at
all, but a craft because its
spear like head.
Has in it.
Someone wearing a striped
jersey, male or female, it's
hard to tell and I can see a
pilot's wheel captain's wheel
there. So this much must be a
craft. And maybe a craft we've
seen before with the Serpent's
tail. And there is a propeller
tank on its side and what looks
like a porthole and there at the
base of the crane.
Two individuals are talking, one
with a clipboard conferring
perhaps about this.
Vehicle and near the tail of the
vehicle we see a set of steps
coming up out of the water to a
door that leads to the giant
structure that fills the back of
the frame.
Ah, here's a fishing boat.
It's caught something very big
that bulges in its net and fills
the crane. Sticking out of the
top of the netting is a
serrated, thin, or pointed spear
of some kind, and another part
of the netting there emerges a
striped.
Narwhal pointed tentacle that
seems to come from the forehead
of the creature locked inside,
from its nostrils there dripped
two liquid.
Streams that run into the water.
Also sticking out of the netting
are some striped fins.
On the deck.
Is a large dog. Two dogs in
fact, one sleeping, one in
attention and a sailor in
striped jersey and peaked cap
leaning over the railing,
looking down into the water
where our paper boat floats
serenely along.
Here our paper boat is again in
the next frame, close to a set
of sea steps where a figure in a
striped jersey stands.
Behind them is the rear of a
tall tall.
Masted ship,
"exloratio".
And it.
Seems to be docked here.
To the city next to a very large
high checkerboard.
Drapery of some kind.
City at night and a fantastical
city it is with creatures.
That.
Sport above the rooftops. The
rooftops themselves are
fantastical. There are onion
domes and pointed conical domes.
Half circular domes,
checkerboard domes.
And at the top here and there
you see animals roosted, some
Birds.
Ah.
Ended antlered elk creature.
Most prominent though, is.
A polka dotted creature with
webbed wings and an assemblage
of propellers out of its back
that seems to be stepping off
the edge of 1 tower into midair.
And far, far below on the water
we see our little paper boat
passing along a small Steamboat.
We are at water level.
Where our paper boat drifts
alongside seawall and steps.
Where a number of fantastical
carnival like features.
Frolic.
We've seen some of these
characters before. Here's.
A creature in what looks like a
diving suit.
Many pleaded diny diving suit
with pleated arms and legs.
Here's a Harlequin figure in a
peddled costume with a three,
three-belled
fob.
The two little child figures.
Who are carrying
What might be an hourglass or
And.
Other creatures,
That antlered starry
Creature that walks upright on 2
legs. Half man, half reindeer.
The skeleton clothed
Figure with the horned head
riding it's a star dotted horse
upstairs, the cat,
The striped wind catcher, the
starry kite.
In a sense snail like creature
or assembly which floats behind
our boat in the water.
Ahead of it.
As it floats down these arched
tunnels.
and sea and.
Water steps.
That strange striped sea serpent
kind of creature.
Seems to be seems to be reined
in next to a set of steps in
which perhaps its rider has
stopped to have a smoke. He's
taken off his oxygen tank and
his helmet.
But his saddle was still on the
serpent.
And.
We see our our paper boat
continued on into the distant
arching of tunnels.
Umm.
{Second to last page.
Ohh OK.}
In another night scene, the
paper boat floats between.
Floats in a narrow channel
between two, quays, I think
they're called. Stone waterside
steps. Quays.
Under a starry sky, the street
lights are on, and on either
side of the passageway we see
the houses darkened now.
Behind the little boat.
4 bright eyed fish.
Rear out of the water to watch
its retreat.
{Next image. OK, this will be
the last one.
The last one.}
Ahead of us, we see.
A lighted street house.
Let me start again.
Our little paper boat floats
toward.
a stone wall and at the top of
the wall is a lighted St lamp
and a small house with one
lighted window and an open door
in which a figure waits.
In the next panel is a series of
panels we see that our boat
comes to.
Comes to.
A wall and steps, and from it
there emerges.
A first ghostly figure that we
see only an outline, but as it
emerges from the boat becomes
more distinct. A male figure
that walks up.
The steps.
It's patterned.
With the suit with.
Many of the shapes that we've
seen in the narrative there's a
seahorse, there's the sea
serpent, there's the
checkerboard on the shoulder and
on the back of the head.
And at the top of the steps we
see the bottom of two, maybe
female.
Feet and calves.
And in the final figure, final
frame, these two figures stand
face to face, toe to toe. Rather
stand toe to toe at the top of
the steps. #END_wanderer
OK, that's the end. So let's
take a break now.
So now moving on to the next
item, it is also a story.
Um, so.
Like you did before, describe
what you see and what is
happening as we go through the
story.
#START_quest While riding their
bicycles in the park.
While riding their bicycle in
the park.
Two children, a boy and a girl,
got caught in the rain. They
took shelter.
In.
An underpass in the park.
It was.
an
It was an old fashioned.
Stone archway.
And above it ran the drive
through the park.
Facing.
At the entry to the underpass.
Are two large stone carvings.
One is of a winged.
Mercury.
Raising his message to the sky.
And the other is a mermaid.
Holding out a Pearl. And on the
other side we see one of the
opposite pair of carved figures
that.
Are Sentinels to this little?
Shelter.
OK, enough for that.
While they were taking shelter
from the rain, the two children
are surprised when a.
Double door in the wall of the
underpass opens and there steps.
Out.
An old bearded man in medieval
robes and a crown who holds
toward them a scroll carving.
Of a circle with six.
A ring of circles.
Hmm.
Six colored circles.
A double ring of six smaller
circles, double ring with.
Six smaller circles.
Ohm.
Over the.
Over the heads of the children
flies.
a purple bird with a long
streaming plume.
While the children are reading
the scroll that the robed old
man, old King gives them.
Two guards come out.
From.
The door behind him, two armored
guards with Spears come out of
the door behind him and grasp
him by the arm and pull him back
into the doorway while he
reaches out.
But as but as he's.
But as the king is taken away,
he tosses.
His scroll.
To the ground.
I don't know how to interpret
they're holding something too.
Aren't they and they've already?
Umm.
The king reaches.
Back for the children,
imploringly.
The doors are shut.
But the children opened their
scrolls and find a key that
opens the door.
Doors.
And they run inside.
Is that what that is?
Ah.
No. OK, let's do this again.
These aren't scrolls, these are
crayons. The children take the
crayons and each one draws a
key, one purple and one orange.
And with the keys they unlock
each of the two doors and are
able to get inside.
The two children come through
the tunnel and at the other end
they find themselves in front of
a great palace.
On the other side of the Moat.
They climb out onto the rock.
Where they're able to see.
A whole city.
And disappearing through the
arch gates, a paddle wheel in
which the guards are taking the
king.
On the ramparts.
Soldiers are keeping guard, and
from the top of the tires, there
blaze.
Orange fire and long streams of
smoke, and in the air dirigibles
are floating with two or three
passengers.
Drifting across the sky.
The children examined.
The circles.
On the map.
The children study the map that
the king gave them, while his
ship takes them him on toward
the horizon, and now we see the
map close up.
And over the drawing of the
landscape.
There are.
A Rainbow series of concentric
circles going from red.
to orange, yellow, Green, blue,
and purple.
And.
At points around these circles.
There are smaller circles with.
Figures inside.
One
is a is of a tall skyscraper,
one of a mountain peak, one of a
palm tree.
One of.
A forest with a door in a tree
and two hanging lanterns.
As if in a Great Hall.
In the 9:00 o'clock clock
position, we see a towered city
very much like the one we.
See now before us.
And finally almost at the 12:00
o'clock position.
We see.
A Grecian.
façade.
And in the foreground.
The leaves of plants.
The map itself.
Looks mostly uninhabited.
Except for several pyramids.
Palm trees and mountains.
Hmm.
Ohh.
While the children are perched.
on their triangular rock.
On their side of the boat.
A series of gondolas.
Or Viking craft come along.
Gondolas with serpent.
prows.
On which stand rowers
Come along.
The children now use their magic
crayons.
To draw.
Flippers for themselves.
And the purple Bird Transfer
transforms itself into an
octopus and they dive into the
water.
Now they enter.
I forgot to mention this. They
drew themselves ox diving
helmets and oxygen tanks.
Oh, and there's the bird, also
with a tank.
So.
They have a.
Guardian or guide They have a
guide squid.
Holding each holding a tentacle
Of the giant purple squid.
The two children and the Purple
bird descend into a violet
Undersea City, where a lighted
pantheon waits them.
A ruined, ruined Grecian temple.
{Are OK.
Now let's go to the next page.}
Inside the ruined columns.
Of the pantheon.
The two children find.
A golden crayon.
In the lighted seashell top on
top of sea a Purple Seahorse
carving.
And the seashell dyad is on top
of a carved seahorse
What would that be?
There's probably a name for that
kind of structure.
Seahorse, OK.
Pursued by the Golden Warrior.
And his Yeoman.
The two children and the Purple
bird return.
Holding the tentacles of the
purple squid return.
uh or
Flee back to the surface.
Holding the tentacles of the
giant squid.
While
She, I think, includes the
golden crayon in her belt of
crayons.
She has an ammunition belt of
crayons there.
Fun.
The children reach land.
And shed their flippers.
The bird takes flight.
The girl hands the boy the
purple crayon.
And she takes the red and they
draw.
I don't know what exactly what
he's drawing it. Is it a an
animal? she's drawing a square.
And they draw a purple
rhinoceros.
With A and I know there's a word
for that.
Which takes them to.
An ancient.
Mayan city guarded.
By two winged.
Statuary.
Two winged.
Two winged guardian statues.
On a path that leads to a series
of stepped pyramids. Mayan style
pyramids with steep
Flights of steps leading to the
top.
From behind, looking through the
palm trees, we see the, the
lagoon and the ocean and.
On a small island just offshore.
Very tall Mayan style stepped
pyramid that rises like a
skyscraper.
To a green.
Crest.
And is connected to a promontory
of land by a ragged rope bridge.
Now we see the bridge itself
stretching over the water
between the stone tower with its
green light.
And.
is stowed above them at the very
end of the promontory and here.
The boy and the girl are racing
across toward the tower, with
the purple bird flying ahead of
them.
They've reached the tower in the
very peak.
Above this, above the rope
bridge and be and in pursuit
behind them are the armored
soldiers. Two of them are almost
advanced.
To the this side of the bridge,
and behind them, several more
are coming.
While the Purple bird hovers
above.
But the resourceful children
take their crayons again and
begin to draw. She draws a
rectangular box. He draws large,
pedal like propellers.
And they create a giant
dragonfly.
And a red swing that it carries,
whose ropes it carries in its
mandibles as it flies away,
bearing the children just out of
the reaching arms of the armored
soldiers and off toward the
mountain peaks.
The dragonfly sets them down.
On the ornate.
Peak.
Of a Buddhist shrine.
The top is like.
A candy urn.
That rests on several levels of
cover.
And that there there are four
corners.
There hangs a Lantern. In the
background we can see several
balloon dirigibles approaching
with armored soldiers, so it
looks like the children are not
safe yet.
And here on the very peak.
On either side of the structure,
like a layered cake that rises
maybe a dozen layers of
descending size.
The girl takes out again.
Her belt of crayons.
Of now six different colors.
OK, next.
The balloons were there. Armed
warriors now descend upon.
Children on the peak of the
Buddhist shrine.
And there are several of these.
The.
Over the heads of the children.
And between the two.
Descending.
Fighter balloons.
The Purple Bird holds the belt
of crayons. In the hands of one
of the soldiers we see a gold
cage and he is reaching out
toward the bird.
But dramatically.
The bird flies off, trailing
behind it a bright rainbow of
colors.
That.
Like a concussion, scatter the
aircraft of the armored soldiers
that are attacking the children.
They hang for dear life to the
rigging of the airships and are
blinded by the light so that
they have to cover their eyes.
And we see the end of the
rainbow come down on the ship of
armored men that have been
bearing the king away as he
raises his arms in celebration
and exultation.
The bird flies over.
The plane and scatters the
armored soldiers into the water.
Freeing the King and his.
gendarme.
Who are these other people? Are
they captives?
Umm.
All the city celebrates as the
King returns riding the purple
rhinoceros with the two children
riding behind him in the Red X.
Ohh.
A golden paddle boat bears the
king back into the city.
Followed by.
A sprightly band of musicians.
While all the city celebrates
from their windows and towers.
And the purple bird flies
happily overhead.
Enough.
King's boat returns the children
to the rock and to The Cave that
will lead them back.
He graciously helps them down
off.
The rhinoceros.
And escorts them back.
To the doorway.
But as he does, he takes his
golden crayon and draws for each
of them a golden crown like his
own which.
He places.
1st on the boy, then on the
girl.
Next.
And as they.
As they come back through the
tunnel and look back out of the
overpass, they see that the rain
has stopped. The sky is clear
and a beautiful rainbow arches
over the towers of the city.
#END_quest
That's the end of the story.
And go to the next item which is
a complex scene.
Ohh.
So this time, we'll just be one.
Busy scene that you see.
#START_by_the_lake It's a busy
summer day.
at the lake and everybody is out
on the beach in the water.
Riding watercraft, playing water
sports.
We can see almost every kind of
activity here.
Looking across the bottom of the
scene. Friends are greeting
friends.
Children are playing kickball.
Old folks are lounging in their
chairs.
Here are three children and a
parent have built a very large
sand city with an igloo and
several castles and towers.
This this mom is being pushed
into the water in a raft by her
kids.
And here's another woman playing
with her dog in the water.
People of all kinds are here.
Boys and girls, black and white
people, every kind of person you
can imagine. People with beards
and mustaches, glasses and
ukuleles. It's a wonderful
scene. Back in the distance
there, I see.
I see water balloons flying and
a whole group.
Of acrobats. Water acrobats
riding on each other's
shoulders. A pyramid of.
Water skiers and what a group
they are. There's nine on the
bottom.
Six on the 2nd row, 3, Two and
one for five different tiers.
Here's.
A whole group rowing a dragon
boat.
It's a wonderful day. And don't
forget here's young romance a
boy girl holding hands and
walking along together. Enough
of that. #END_by_the_lake
OK then I think.
Test this would be probably.
Another complex scene, so.
#START_birthday_party_fun Boy,
it's a big birthday party and
everybody's here. All of them,
it looks like in costumes and
what a what a variety of
costumes there are. Gifts are
being given out and.
A lot of people are playing
games and running around, but
it's clearly a costume party.
Here's a here's a balloon castle
and lots of lots of people
running. There's a pink Bunny, a
green frog, a spider man, a bat.
An elephant, a lion, a
crocodile, a robot man.
And there's a donkey that looks
like a real donkey, not a donkey
costume with a cowboy riding.
And here's another donkey.
Meeting that donkey. That is a
costume donkey with one head in
the front and legs in the back.
There's a pirate chasing a
Viking, an Angel being stabbed
by a devil, and there is
somebody getting squirted by a
water gun. A big clown here is
having a good time with these
children.
And.
There's.
What looks like a Penguin.
Next to.
A Penguin in a lion costume next
to a man in a lion costume and
close to them is a big tug of
war. They're close to a nice big
table worth of full of full of
food. I see several big cakes
and cupcakes and what look like
pile of sandwiches and.
Somebody in a pig costume has
already gotten to the hot dogs.
Here's another cake coming. Oh,
it looks like great fun.
And way, way in the background
on the other side of the blow up
castle I see a group of skeleton
mask, like a little group of
ghouls. And not far from them a
young girl in a Red Riding Hood
costume is being confronted by a
wolf costume.
#END_birthday_party_fun
OK, let's go on. OK then.
So since this next one will be a
story, I think we'll wrap up
here today.
Is this a multiple pages?
Is this going to be more magic
crayons? I see a purple crayon
in this kid's hand. It is.
Yeah, I think we'll do this next
time though, since it's almost
320 something. Wow, I'm taking
more time than I should, have I
not.
You.